URGENT FIX: seed.ts pet_owners backfill fails on soft-deleted pets

CONTEXT
The pet_owners backfill in lib/db/src/seed.ts (~line 411) runs on every publish:
  INSERT INTO pet_owners (pet_id, user_id)
  SELECT id, owner_id FROM pets
  ON CONFLICT DO NOTHING

This has no WHERE clause excluding soft-deleted pets. The write-guard trigger added 
for the merge mechanism (reject_writes_to_deleted_pet()) correctly rejects any new 
row attached to a soft-deleted pet — so this backfill now fails the entire build 
whenever any pet in the table is soft-deleted (confirmed failure on pet 
b0e231cc-4451-4340-97b0-42abc19a28a5 during this publish).

REQUIRED FIX
Add a WHERE clause to the backfill query excluding soft-deleted pets — e.g.:
  INSERT INTO pet_owners (pet_id, user_id)
  SELECT id, owner_id FROM pets
  WHERE deleted_at IS NULL
  ON CONFLICT DO NOTHING

This is a correctness fix, not just a workaround: soft-deleted pets should not have 
pet_owners rows backfilled for them regardless of whether the trigger exists — the 
trigger just surfaced a pre-existing gap in the backfill's logic.

CHECK FOR SIMILAR ISSUES
Grep the rest of seed.ts (and any other startup-backfill code) for other bulk writes 
against the pets table or tables with a pet_id foreign key that don't already filter 
out soft-deleted pets. Report any other spots that could hit the same trigger under 
different data conditions, even if they don't currently fail (e.g. because no 
relevant pet happens to be soft-deleted yet). Fix any genuine instances of the same 
pattern; report anything ambiguous rather than guessing.

DO NOT MODIFY
- The write-guard trigger itself — it is working correctly, do not weaken it.
- Any other part of the seed script unrelated to this specific backfill query.
- The ActionRail split or any other in-flight work.

ACCEPTANCE TEST
1. Confirm the fixed backfill query runs successfully against the current dev DB 
   (which has at least one soft-deleted pet) without triggering the write-guard.
2. Confirm the backfill still correctly creates pet_owners rows for all LIVE pets 
   that need them (no regression in its actual purpose).
3. Report findings from the broader grep check — any other spots fixed or flagged.
4. Confirm this fix is safe to include in the current in-flight publish (the 
   ActionRail split) — i.e. it doesn't touch anything the split touched, and can 
   ship in the same publish without additional risk.